Add branding_topbar_logo (#2560)
openfun/richie: UPGRADE.md

  Other page levels won't be allowed to create a PageIndex extension. Commonly it would
  be `0` for when your main menu list the root pages.

> - After the change to the `base.html` template, you will now need to add the
>   `branding_topbar_logo` layer to the `branding_topbar` layer to have the same funcionality.
>   If this remais the same in any site on your site factory, the `Go to homepage` link won't be
>   available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the change to the `base.html` template, you will now need to add the
  `branding_topbar_logo` block to the `branding_topbar` block to have the same functionality.
  If this remains the same in any site on your site factory, the `Go to homepage` link won't be
  available.
```
